(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(emotive music)
[Narrator] Guided by the
power of the eight crests,
a new chapter of
the Digi-Destined's
great adventure had begun.
Who knows what trials
and tribulations
they'll need to
face in their fight
against the Great Catastrophe.
(gun fires)
Mimi and Palmon follow
the Digivice's direction
and they eventually reach the
edge of the cloud continent.
There, they find themselves
near Taneman's village
where Mimi once
reigned as queen.
However...
(steam hisses)
It's been so long.
I hope everyone's alright.
[Palmon] Yeah, we
should've brought
Golemon and the others too.
-Huh?
-Wait, what?
I don't remember
this being here.
(bell rings)
(gentle music)
When did this get here?
(Jijimon clears throat)
Can I help you two
with something?
Um actually, yes.
Have you seen my loyal
servants, the Tanemon?
They all used to live
here not too long ago.
What's that? The
Tanemon you say?
Oh goodness.
I almost forgot.
Those Tanemon are all
students here now.
They're students now?
They are indeed.
After all, this place is now
an honorable Digimon school.
One, two. One, two. One, two.
Look Mimi, they're really here.
(Tanemon cheer)
She really came back.
-(broom crashes)
-(duo yelp)
Pardon me, you two.
I am the principal of this
esteemed Digimon school.
You can call me Babamon.
Hey there, Babamon.
Our school strives to
help Digimon achieve
strong, pure, and
beautiful digivolutions.
That's our school motto
and that's what we offer.
Digivolution?
Then, does that mean...
I'm Mimi's servant number 6.
It's me, number 12.
We became Lalamon
while you were gone.
No way, you're adorable.
Does that mean you
digivolved from Tanemon?
Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh.
Well, what do you two think?
Care to try for yourself?
We are offering a
3 day trial course.
[Palmon] If I do this,
maybe I can digivolve
even more, Mimi.
-That's a great idea.
-Let's do it.
All you need to do is
sign your name right here.
There. That should do it.
There you go.
Hey, I have an idea.
What do you say we
go tour the school
-and figure out-
-Silence you two.
(duo gasp)
Now that you're officially
enrolled as students,
you'll be following my
instructions from here on out.
(playful music)
You're Palmon, right?
And your name is?
I signed my name on that
document right there.
My name is Mimi Tachikawa.
The one who first
established the-
(Babamon groans)
So your name is
Tachikawa, Mimi, Taichi...
(Babamon groans)
That's no good.
Starting today you will
be known as Mimimon.
Uh, Mimimon?
You do realize I'm a human?
Uh...
[Babmon] Quit complaining
and start running
around the track, you two.
(duo squeal)
(duo pants)
Are you okay?
I give up.
I'm right there with you.
Believe it or not, it's been
harsh training like this
every day since I enrolled.
Today was 256 flaps.
Say what?
That's way too many.
Mimimon, Palmon, what
are you two doing?
(Lalamon gasps)
Hey, isn't this all
a little too much?
Yeah - what she said.
Well, aren't you two defiant?
Students like you
deserve a harsh lesson.
Hey what do you think
you're doing to Mimi?
You both need to learn a
lesson about showing respect.
Took the words right
outta my mouth.
Palmon digivolve to...
(upbeat music)
Togamon.
All right, let's see
what you two are made of.
Needle Spray.
Wow, this is actually
quite nice (laughs).
What?
Would you look at that?
These needles work wonders
for my back pain (laughs).
(Togamon gasps)
How about this?
Togamon digivolve to...
Lillymon.
Oh, I wonder what you
have in store for me now.
Flower Cannon.
(explosion)
Moxa works best for back pain
but this isn't bad either.
Now then.
(duo yells)
That ought to put you in
the mood for running laps.
(duo screams)
[Lillymon] I can fly but not
if it's chasing us like this.
Now you're getting
the hang of it.
Keep on running.
(duo screams)
(duo crashes)
I admit those were some
impressive digivolutions
but they're still
far too premature.
If you really want
to become strong,
pure, and beautiful like me,
then you must start
putting in the effort.
(drum beats)
(gentle music)
For our next class, we'll
be doing target practice
for defense against bad Digimon.
We really gotta show off
our skills this time.
Uh huh.
(bubbles burst)
5 points. Who's next?
(seeds fire)
That's 10 points. Keep
going, who's next?
Me, pick me. I go next.
Show 'em how it's done.
Poison Ivy.
Oh my, that's 50 points.
-(class cheers)
-All right, way to go Palmon.
Right, you're up Mimimon.
Show us what you got.
-Huh?
-[Palmon] What?
You mean you want me to try?
Don't you have laser beam eyes
or shoot missiles from
your mouth or something?
No, I'm just a human.
Fine, I'll give it a shot.
Take that.
Oopsie.
(seed plonks)
(Babamon growls)
(Mimi chuckles)
Zero points to Mimimon.
(jaunty music)
Next up, cross the
obstacle course.
Hmm? But where are
all the obstacles?
Here.
You just have to
reach the finish line
while avoiding all the brooms.
I hope you're all ready.
On your marks,
get set...
(broom fires)
This is easy.
Even I can do this much.
(Mimi grunts)
Mimi, be careful.
Watch out for the brooms.
(Mimi gasps)
These things can move?
No fair, I can't jump that high.
(Mimi yelps)
Oh look, zero
points for Mimimon.
(Mimi groans)
It's very important
that you all have
beautiful reflexes as Digimon.
Babamon dance.
Get down with your Digi-self
(Mimi groans)
(Mimi yelps)
Negative 100 points for Mimimon.
(Mimi groans)
Hang in there, Mimi.
(Digimon snore)
Man, I dunno about you
but my entire body aches.
Just a couple my days, Mimi.
Or we can just leave
this dumb school now.
(staff clacks)
(duo gasps)
Oh, it's you again.
What was your name?
I am Jijimon.
Please try to forgive
the principal.
I know Babamon can be hard.
You see it was not too long ago.
There was a very
talented student
who succeeded in
mega digivolving,
but that digimon turned
into a delinquent.
(mellow music)
Babamon tried to teach the
student the right way to use
those newfound powers
but he wouldn't listen
and it ended in an argument.
In the end, that student
decided to leave the school
and never came back.
Blaming herself for
her own incompetence,
now Babamon makes sure
the lessons are taught
strictly and thoroughly,
in hopes that each of her
students will cultivate
a good heart that
could never be swayed.
Everything she does, as
tough as it may seem,
is for the good of her students.
Hmm.
What do you think Palmon?
Huh?
It's only for two more days.
Think we should stick with
it for a little longer?
Mhmm.
Thank you.
I take it back. I
can't do this anymore.
(cheery music)
It's impossible to
avoid these things.
You're gonna have to pick
up the pace, Mimimon.
And that goes for you too.
Oh man, this is
rough huh, Agumon?
No kidding.
Huh?
Wait, what are you two
doing in a place like this?
Well, we just happened to
be in the neighborhood so...
It looked like lots of fun
so we signed our names
and got enrolled.
Huh.
(Mimi chuckles)
[Babamon] Pick up the pace.
Just 'cause you're new
doesn't mean you can slack.
[Students] Yes ma'am.
(Mimi yells)
[Babamon] 10 points.
-(class cheers)
-Whoa, I hit it.
That was awesome, Mimi.
Is that me?
(Mimi laughs)
Looks like I moved up a little
from zero points, didn't I?
(Babamon laughs)
You still have a long way to go.
What?
I'll get 20 points next time.
Just you wait. I'm gonna do it.
(Babamon chuckles)
I'll believe it when I see it.
-(explosion)
-(Babamon yelps)
What is that?
(Jijimon screams)
Long time no see.
(Babamon gasps)
Did you miss me,
Principal Babamon?
BanchoMamemon.
(tense music)
Are you sure you're
okay, Jijimon?
Yes, but never mind me.
That's the student I mentioned
who became a delinquent
and disappeared.
Well, well, well.
I always knew you'd
come crawling back.
I came back to thank you
for casting me aside, like
the rotten digimon you are,
after I digivolved
into a mega digimon.
Oh. Well, isn't that
kind of him to do?
Mimi, something tells me
he didn't come back
just to say thank you.
Huh?
[Babamon] You really
still don't understand
the reason I never
acknowledged you.
The reason?
Of course, 'cause
you're a rotten digimon.
Zero points.
If you can't find the
answer for yourself,
then no diploma for you.
You really think
that's what I need?
No, I can graduate
on my own terms.
Don't you get it?
I have nothing left to learn
from you and I'll prove it.
Ready everyone?
It's time for a little class
reunion, don't you think?
(digimon trill)
Don't you dare
touch the students.
[BanchoMamemon] Oruaaaaaaaaah.
(Babamon growls)
(weapons clang)
(duo groan)
-(guns fire)
-(students scream)
Agumon.
Agumon digivolve to...
Greymon.
Ready, Palmon?
Palmon digivolve to...
Togamon.
(Greymon grunts)
Everyone, get behind Greymon.
-(digimon squeak)
-Huh?
(Jijimon laughs)
Allow me to help.
I owe you one.
Oruah, oruah, oruah,
oruah, oruah, oruah...
(Babamon grunts)
Oruah, oruah, oruah,
oruah, oruah, oruah...
rah-rah-rah-rah-rah-rah-rah-rah.
Empress Haze.
(explosion)
Ooooooraaaaah!
(balls thud)
Orah, orah, orah, orah, orah.
Heh, you have a lot to learn.
-Oh?
-(chain rattles)
When did you do this?
(Babamon gasps)
There's no escape, Babamon.
Looks like the bases
are loaded for me.
(Togamon roars)
(ball cracks)
Huh?
(heroic music)
Who are you? State
your name at once.
Well, I'm a student enrolled
in the 3 day trial
course, Mimimon.
What are you going?
Principal Babamon, you
should just be honest
and tell him: Bancho, you gave
up 'cause things got tough.
You're a dropout, a failure.
Negative trillion points.
Why you little brat.
[Babamon] Mimimon.
(bat whirs)
[Mimi] The broom - just
like the obstacle course.
(Mimi grunts)
Try dodging this.
[Togamon] Needle Spray.
Nice one, Togamon.
I'll take you both down (yelps).
Aw, come on, seriously?
You know what to do.
Togamon digivolve to...
Lillymon.
Flower Cannon.
(Cannon fires)
(Banchomamemon roars)
(Lillymon gasps)
Look alive. Batter up.
Babamon dance time.
(Lillymon grunts)
What is this?
(chains rattle)
It doesn't matter what you know,
my strength is unmatched.
(Lillymon growls)
I'll admit you're a
pretty strong digimon.
That being said, you aren't
very pure or beautiful at all.
What's that supposed to mean?
-(energetic music)
-Lillymon,
it's time to show off the
results of our training.
Okay Mimi.
-Strongly.
-Purely.
And Beautifully.
Lillymon digivolve to...
(singing in Japanese)
Rosemon.
No way.
[Babamon] Well, I'll be...
Incredible.
(digimon coo)
My goodness.
Mimi.
Rosemon.
(BanchoMamemon roars)
(fire roars)
So you became a mega
digimon, big flipping deal.
(gun fires)
Thorn Whip.
(explosions)
Ooooooraaaaah
(weapon whips)
(fire roars)
Rosemon.
(BanchoMamemon laughs)
Can you handle the heat?
[Rosemon] Ha.
Are you kidding me?
Rose Spear.
(BanchoMamemon roars)
(whip snaps)
(BanchoMamemon grunts)
This can't be.
I'm a Mega Digimon.
(gentle music)
Funny enough, you actually
answered that yourself earlier.
I did?
That's right.
You became Mega
Digimon - big deal.
I think you are finally
starting to understand
what principle Babamon
wanted you to learn.
Forbidden Temptation.
(BanchoMamemon gasps)
I guess I lost. It's over.
So then, what's next for you?
Huh?
If you still want
that diploma of yours,
you're more than welcome
to try studying here again.
Okay, fine.
I'll do it.
I guess being lectured wasn't
the worst thing in the world.
(Babamon chuckles)
Mimimon, Rosemon,
you both earn full marks.
Yeah, we did it.
[Tai] By the way, you're
really strong Jijimon.
(Jijimon chuckles)
-I grant you your diploma.
-(uplifting music)
Stand proud Palmon.
By giving you this
diploma, I hereby recognize
that you have followed
the school principles
by reaching a strong, pure,
beautiful, and
genuine digivolution.
(group applauds)
(Digimon cheer)
Can I help you with something?
I'm ready to accept
my diploma now.
Oh gimme a break, Mimimon.
You got a long way to
go until you graduate.
How come?
Huh?
(digivice beeps)
That's weird.
What is this?
That's a flashy looking diploma.
No, this is...
I confirmed the response
on my side as well.
I can only assume that
Mimi was able to get closer
to unveiling the
crest's mystery.
That means we did it, Mimi.
Yeah, and it's all
thanks to you guys.
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy] Now for the
Digimon encyclopedia.
Rosemon: Lillymon digivolves
into this digimon of beauty.
By elegantly waving
a thorned whip,
Rosemon can tame nearly
any ferocious digimon.
(Palmon laughs)
Palmon?
[Palmon] Silence, now
that I've become Rosemon,
you must now only
address me as your Queen.
[Izzy] Yes, sorry my Queen.
(heroic music)
Which digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] A misty
forest where screams echo
is the perfect place for the
hero with the legendary blade
to make a return.
[Tai] Next time: The Gold
Wolf of the Crescent Moon.
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.